hey guys so before I get into the video
today I wanted to briefly mention that
the reason that the lighting in here so
weird today is because it's raining
outside and if I didn't have the lights
on it would be super super dark in here
so we're just gonna have to deal with
the bad lighting but that's okay we'll
be able to do it because I have an
amazing product to show you it is the
elf mineral infused face primer and I
have been absolutely loving this product
I've been using it for the past couple
of days and it has really helped me out
with some of my facial problems so I
think that you guys will really love it
too and let's just go ahead and jump
into the review so not surprisingly
enough I bought this product from Target
and I paid about six dollars for it so
it's one of elf's more expensive
products that they sell but it's totally
worth it so don't worry about it
it comes with 0.49 ounces and it's a
little bit deceiving because it looks
like you would get product all in this
bottle except they have this little
plastic thing in the bottom and it's
pushed up about halfway through so
you're really only getting half of what
it looks like which is a little bit
disappointing but I found out that you
only really need like a pea-sized amount
to cover your entire face so a little
bit goes a long way and it should last
you a good long while I guess if I were
to compare this primer to another more
expensive primer I would compare it to
the Smashbox photo-finish except at the
same time they don't really compare
because this is six dollars and the
Smashbox is like 40 so I think that this
for the price is just as good as that
I've tried it before I bought a little
travel size and it worked for me but
this one is like six times cheaper so
you really can't beat it one of the
first things that I want to discuss in
this review is how soft this primer
makes your face feel and I was so
surprised when I first used it and I
don't even know how to describe what the
consistency of this stuff is it has this
little pump
on it and it comes out onto your hand
looking like a gel but gels tend to be a
little bit sticky which wouldn't end up
being good for your face so I didn't
know what to expect and then when I put
it on my finger and rub it into my face
it felt like I was covering my face in a
layer of silky goodness and that's
really the best way that I can describe
it the consistencies like nothing I've
ever felt before so you'll just have to
see for yourself how amazing it is this
primer is specifically designed to
target for problems that people
especially encounter on their face
the first is excess oil the second is
flaky dryness the third is enlarged
pores and the fourth is fine lines and
these are all problems that I struggle
with so I figured that I would take each
problem and just talk about how this
product helps with that so with excess
oil I've always struggled with oil
especially in the summer and especially
when I wear foundation in the summer so
when I first used this I noticed when I
was about to wash my face at night that
my skin had pretty much stayed matte and
my face didn't feel as disgusting at the
end of the day as it usually does and it
felt very healthy which is something
that I hadn't really felt like for my
skin in a long time so it really
impressed me that this product helped
control my oil because I really wasn't
expecting much out of it I was expecting
it to help but I wasn't expecting it to
do as well as it did in regards to flaky
dryness this is a problem that I
especially suffer with because I use
some topical acne products on my face
morning and night so it really takes a
toll on the moisture level of my skin so
to have a product that can help me kind
of prep my face and take away the
flakiness before I put on my foundation
is really important to me because a lot
of times when I'm rubbing my foundation
in I'll just see my skin kind of start
to flake off and then it starts to hurt
and it's just not a good time so I
really appreciate that this product can
help me out
my dryness this primer also helps me
with my enlarged pores and this is
something that I've been really
self-conscious about because it's
something that I notice all the time and
I feel like other people will notice it
as well so what to have a primer that
can help kind of disguise them is really
important to me and this does just that
ever since I've been using it I've
noticed that my pores look smaller when
I have it on and I don't notice them as
much and if I don't notice them as much
I feel like other people wouldn't notice
them
either so I really appreciate it for
that when it comes to fine lines it's
not really a problem that I struggle
with too much so I haven't really had
the opportunity to see how well this
product helps with fine lines but I
would just go ahead and assume that if
it helps the other three problems that I
mentioned it would help with fine lines
too but if you find out that it doesn't
end up working as well as you would have
hoped I definitely think that this
primer has plenty of other benefits for
your skin and for six dollars you really
can't beat it I also wanted to briefly
mention that this primer doesn't break
me out I know that that's a big concern
when trying new facial products but I
really sensitive skin and if it doesn't
break me out then I think that you'll be
fine
so that is it for the review I hope it
you guys enjoyed it and I would
obviously recommend that you go out and
purchase this primer it's pretty amazing
and I think it has a lot of benefits for
your skin that you will really enjoy
also please subscribe to my youtube
channel and follow me on Twitter I would
really appreciate it Twitter is a good
way to get updates on what's going on
with my videos so thank you guys so much
for watching and I will see you in my
next video